[SPEC] Expand spec with new discussions, processes (#99)
blockprotocol/blockprotocol: site/src/_pages/docs/2_publishing-blocks.mdx

To publish a block on the hub, the initial process is as follows:

1.  Claim your username by signing up at [https://blockprotocol.org](https://blockprotocol.org)
1.  Fork the [`blockprotocol` repository](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol)

> 1.  Add a JSON file [to the hub folder](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/tree/main/hub), in a subfolder with the namespace you want to grab, preceded by @ (e.g. `@mynamespace`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Add a JSON file to the [hub folder](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/tree/main/hub), in a subfolder matching the username you registered in step one, preceded by the `@` symbol (e.g. `@myusername`)
```
